Hello, guys.
Now I will show you how to connect Google call up with the GitHub platform.
Let's open a new window.
Enter GitHub dot com.
Log into your account.
And I have to type my verification code.
And so we are already locked into the guitar platform.
We will create our test repository.
So let's go to the repository tab, then click new.
And give the name of the repository.
Let it be test and call up.
Then we leave the public repository.
And we will add the read me file.
And create our repository.
And we have to wait a moment.
Okay.
Our repository is ready.
We want to save the colored notebook in this repository.
Let's go back to the notebook.
Love that piece of code.
So, for example, simple hello world.
Let's run this code and we'll save such a notebook on the guitar platform.
Click File.
Then next, save a copy and GitHub.
And we need to wait for authorization for a while.
And now we have to choose a repository.
So here we choose our repository that we've created.
In our case, test the scallop.
Then we have to choose branch.
We only have a master.
So let's give the final name.
And we can change the message.
And click.
Okay.
Wait a moment.
At this moment, a copy is created.
And let's see.
We are in the test call up repository.
We have a template file and our file is ready.
We can go back to our repository.
Let's try to refresh it and see that this template file is ready.
18 seconds ago after opening this file.
We have our notebook ready.
We can open it again into Google call up to click, open in, call up.
We have to wait a moment and have a notebook ready to work here.
We also have information that the notebook is stored on data.
Now let's connect to the instance in the cloud.
Hence right around our called Shift Center, we have a warning click around anyway and our colt was
executed.
We'll add another hello.
Call up Colt and save the notebook on the guitar platform again.
Fail safe a copy and get help.
Four values are already substituted.
Repository name.
Branch file name.
We can confirm by clicking.
Okay.
Wait a moment.
And we have prepared a template file.
Let's go back to our repository.
The template for early 3D.
And this way we can work with the her platform and Google call up.
That's all.
We are ready to go further.
Thank you for watching.
See you.